Transcription

Check one, check one. Check one, check one. Thank you. I just wanted to say, Antara, one thing is, you know your flight to Delhi to get the visa? Colin, Russ has joined the call. Oh, okay. We'll talk about that later. Yeah, okay. Hello. Hi. How are you both? 


Hi. We're good. Good. You can hear me okay? 


Yes. Olivia is about to join too, I think. I'll just let her in. - Hi, Olivia. - Hi, I'm gonna stay off camera because we don't have AC and things are just chaotic and sweaty, so. 


- Are you in the city still? 


- Yeah, we're headed upstate after this to escape. Russ, I don't know where you're located, but we're in, yeah. 


- Yeah, I'm in Albany. It's also quite steamy up here. Yeah, less so than than than Queens, New York, though, I'm sure we're surrounded by concrete. 


Well, have you all kind of introduced yourselves yet? Or sorry, I'm a little bit late. Okay, well, then, yeah, let's just start again. Well, answer what do you do you want to go ahead? Yeah. So, hi, Raj. I'm Antara and I handle the website basically so far. So, I've worked with a different company before this. I'm based out of India myself and that company who did the website for us is also based out of India. So, so yeah, I basically coordinated with them and worked on the design. I am not a coder or a developer. So, so yeah, after the website was done and up, we sort of like, we didn't end on great terms with that company. And we are looking for someone who can help us on like, you know, like, I won't say a day to day basis, because that's sort of usually not required. But we have a set of requirements that need to be done and we need someone who has experience in developing a website to help us with that. So yeah, that's basically what... I have. 


And can you tell us more about what kind of websites you've worked with in the past? 


Sure. So my experience has run the gamut. I've done a lot of e-commerce sites like yours. I worked with, like we said in the emails, I worked with Lux for A couple of years now it's been a little bit. That's going really well. And I've worked with in plus 1 magazine. They've been a client of mine since 2012 and I built their website that they've been using for all that time. And I've worked with art museums. I've worked with artists. I've worked with. I used to work for Williams College up here in Massachusetts, and I did that for 10 years. So yeah, my core focus is WordPress sites. And I know you guys are on BigCommerce. And I've worked on a lot of sites that are set up sort of the similar way of BigCommerce with the drag and drop. Interface and building the modules and stuff that that big Congress uses so i'm pretty familiar with all that stuff and i've been doing websites in general, since 2000 since 2002 so quite a while. 


- Great. - I mean, correct me if I'm wrong. So Antra is really the go-to person on all this and she's done such an amazing job on the website and really our issue is not so much that she can't do it, it's just that she's also our designer and Antra, it literally floats this whole company. So often if there are changes that we wanna make, she's too busy to handle them. And so I think we would be looking for someone to step in in those cases. 


Is that, Andrea, do you feel like I'm relaying that correctly? 


Yeah, more or less, but there's a lot of it which I actually don't know how to do. I mean, which requires some amount of JavaScript knowledge and all, which I don't have. So I don't know if, I'm sure you must be aware of this, Russ. So we have a custom built stencil theme website that we are using on BigCommerce. And the problem is usually like the simple changes are, Simple enough, the drag and drop parts there is. But there are sometimes more complicated changes which require us going into the theme files, into the Java files, and moving things around there, which I have no experience with. So that is somewhere where your knowledge would be really helpful. And that's what we need a lot. And we sort of get stuck with things that we want on the website. 


Over there. Like, we have a lot of ideas regarding the design to modify the design, optimize the site, but, you know, we are unable to move forward with that because, because, yeah, we don't have that expertise. 


Okay. Yes. So I do have a lot of that expertise. I've been working with, you know, JavaScript as a, you know, it's a part of the web and it has been for a long time. So I'm pretty, pretty familiar with doing that stuff. 


Great, great. That sounds good. So I'm guessing you have had a look at our website. And I mean, I don't know what you think, but maybe I don't know how to move forward with this. Do you want us to like tell you some of the things that we are struggling with and then you can, you know, give us the solutions for that and stuff like that? Yeah, that'd be great. Is that how we go? Yeah. So, yeah, I probably would need at some point credentials to get into your theme editor and all of that stuff. So, once I get in there, then I can take a look around and see sort of the lay of the land and see what the state of everything is. Great. Okay. So I can make a, I can give you a login credential for BigCommerce and Yeah, I guess that's the starting point. You can maybe get into that and have a look around. And meanwhile, I'll also send you a list of things that you know, we're sort of struggling with. And maybe you can have a look and see if you are able to what you think about that. And Colin, do you have any specific things that you want on the website? I would need to think about this a bit more than I have up until now. Russ, have you actually looked at the website? Yeah, I have, and I'm looking at it now. And do you have any observations about it? It looks great. I can't tell what is not working the way that you want it to, but it seems really well laid out, and all the buttons that I'm clicking seem to do what they're supposed to do. I think one thing, yeah. I mean, I would need to think in more detail about what it is that we want to do. I know Antwerp's got a series of things that, you know, we have been struggling with and we can give you that list. But I think the thing that we really should, one of the things that we should do is... Are you familiar with BigCommerce? I've never worked in big commerce itself, but I worked in a lot of similar e-commerce systems like this. They're all kind of set up basically the same. Shopify feels the closest to this, as far as I can tell. 


Right. I mean, I think one thing that we ought to do is to look really closely at what the path through making of purchases is. Recommending a second purchase at a discount. You have to try and get people to buy more than one book when they're purchasing from us. That would certainly be one thing. 


Is that, are you speaking about like during the checkout process or before the process has started? 


I think during the checkout. 


Yeah. Yeah, that would definitely be one thing. And of course, I mean, I think figures, Anto knows this better than me, but I think basically probably 80% of people are looking at the site on their phone. So just one second. That's Olivia calling me just to see what she says. So I can tell you this, Russ, that if you can just like, we'd be very happy to get feedback from you. If you think there is any way we can optimize the website, make it faster. Because we realize it only after doing it that BigCommerce is a little convoluted in terms of making simple changes and stuff. So... So yeah, it's not as easy. We were earlier on WordPress. We had the back end linked through like the selling was happening to BigCommerce, but our front end was WordPress. But then we eventually moved it, the whole thing to BigCommerce. And so yeah, if you have any feedback also, like if you can just see the site and tell us, that would also be great. And yeah, I think meanwhile, the first step would be I'll give you login credentials and and a list of our issues and perhaps that is a good starting point or do you have anything else that you'd need to start off? 


Okay. I am looking at it now on the mobile view and I do see it's not very optimized for mobile. So that would be some place to start looking. 


Yeah, great. And because our maximum of our sales are, oh, just a second. 


Hi, Olivia. Sorry, I think you dropped out. Are you back? I don't know what is happening. I'm so sorry. I mean, I think Colin and I are both trying to log in maybe from the same account and it's It's continuously booting each of us off. So sorry, Russ, but we're both here now. And I don't think we're going anywhere. OK, I'm so sorry. Keep going, and I'll jump in wherever. 


Yeah, so we were talking about, I was viewing this on a mobile view and seeing some issues that probably should be addressed. And Tara was talking about getting access to this, to the admin section. And that's pretty much where we left it. 


- Yeah, I mean, sorry, you go. I was going to like try sharing my screen so that I could show you some of the other, I mean, I'm on my computer, but some of the quick changes, or I don't know how quick they would be, but some of the basic changes we're looking to make to see whether that's something that, you know, you could do and the amount of time that you anticipate it might take. But Colin, if you have more kind of broader stuff, go for it. 


Yeah, I mean, I think the thing is that what we want to do is to, overall, we really want to try and integrate, you know, short, punchy video into the site. So quite how we do that, I don't know. We are producing the video and we're putting it on, mainly on Instagram and on our YouTube channel. But it would be good to kind of, that's going to be the most dynamic way of presenting the company through the site, I think. So quite how we do that, I have no idea, but I think that would be an overall good objective. And the other thing is that, you know, we're trying to basically, I mean, in terms of a general ethos, we want to be kind of lively and-- Oh, no. Colin has dropped off. Sorry, not all of our meetings are like this. But I mean, it always happens when somebody's new, right? Yeah, yeah. Well, especially when we're talking to someone about tech related stuff. It's like, oh, wow, we really do need help. I mean, what I think he's going for is, because we've talked about this, is lively. But I mean, it's a hard sort of bounce to strike while also being pretty like simple and straightforward. I'm part of what we're looking for is to take away some of like the imagery or icons that we have, for example, on the sidebar of the home screen. That was something I was going to show you and either just make them words or replace them with something that's a little bit, yeah, just a little bit different. So like, I do think that while we want to be seen as lively, we also want to be seen as like stately and clear as well. And that's sort of some of the rationale behind like our site being mostly just black and white and having simple fonts and whatnot. So I think, yeah, go ahead. 


- If I may, I could probably share my screen if that would be helpful. 


- Yeah, go for it. 


- You can sort of drag me through, send the request here. Oh, yeah, I allowed it. Oh, you just-- Oh, it looks like you did. OK, great. Yeah, I'll just do it. Great. Yeah. OK, so some examples would be if we go to the home page. So scrolling down, all of this is OK for now. But for example, these icons we'd like to change. And part of it is not so much that we don't like the look, It's just that they feel a little out of date. I mean, this feels kind of tacky to have this for the Middle East. I think for now, or, you know, lips for feminism, gender, like that's just, yeah, it doesn't quite work. So I think we'd want to just change these to words. For example, here, the reading list, we don't want to have these images, partly because they're not all cohesive, you know, like the design for these look different than this from this. And we're talking to some illustrators to give us some new drawings that we could insert here. But for now, I think similarly, we would just want to have it be words. And I mean, we would sort of defer to you on whether you then felt like that was too text heavy. I mean, it is a website for books. And so that's somewhat expected. But we don't want people to come here and be overwhelmed by how much text there is on the website, obviously. 


Another example of something that we wanted to update. So if you, for example, go to a book on our website and Red Card is a good example because we've had quite a bit of publicity around it. So here's a basic, page that we have for each book. There's the title, the subtitle, the author, you could click on the author and go to their page, a one sentence kind of description, and then the blurbs. You keep going down, more information, buying it, about the book, et cetera, et cetera. So in the media is what we'd like to find a way to change. The repeated cover over and over again looks a little silly. So the format right now is a cover with the logo of the publication that's covering it. And I think that we either get rid of this section or we just take like the best quotes from in the news and have them back up here in this blurb review section. I don't even know if that, I'm sure I would have a better sense of what the what web traffic is on these in the news items. I doubt that they're very high. And I think it's just probably slows the website down because it's, you know, these image heavy things. And then when you go to it, it also doesn't even look that good. Like it's just pretty simple. You can click and go to the article that we're referencing. But this is also something that I think needs like a total review. Rehaul here. Um, like a overlay instead of opening up a new page might be nice. An overlay, like, or just a list, you know, I mean, again, like I realized that everything I'm suggesting is like taking away images and just making it all text. But I think, um, and this is, this would also be on us. Um, this wouldn't be on you. Like, probably adding less here and just adding the top line, you know, important media coverage with like a snappy quote. And that can be here rather than every single piece of media coverage the book has gotten. Because that could be hundreds and not all of them are really that important for people to see it on the website. And then removing the link altogether, just having static. Yeah, exactly. And this is funny because I know, Antaro, this doesn't happen for you, but almost always this happens to me, this error. These are videos that we embed of like clips that we usually edit of the author, maybe at an event that we're hosting or something like that. And I think it depends on what browser maybe you're using, Antara. I don't know, but yeah, the same. Yeah, I mean, I don't, I'm just seeing this and yeah, it doesn't, yeah, it doesn't show for me. I can see the video. So this is also something like some issues like this, Russ, is what we can't even figure out what to do. So, you know, here is also where maybe your expertise would help in understanding why this is happening, which we imagine a lot of our Users are probably seeing this error. Are you seeing it? I am seeing the video. Oh, yeah. So am I. But yeah, it could be browser based. It could be the way the embed code has been set up. Hard to tell until we see the inside of it. This is also something that often happens. This plus mark is just in the wrong location. That comes up quite a bit for me, too. This little section right here, like the now shipping, often it'll kind of correct itself, but when the page first loads, it'll be maybe on top of itself. There are some errors in this little section here too that might need kind of recoding. 


- Yeah, I don't see the plus sign though online. 


- Yeah, see, it's like down below here for me. And then, This is pretty straightforward what we want to do with the about page because it's basically just honestly taking stuff out. So, and a little bit of reformatting. So, you know, making all of the texts the same size and font because, you know, the about us is, I would say as important as some of these blurbs are. We want to remove this video, remove this. Like these are pretty, I mean, I could probably even go in and just delete this from the backend, but we wanted to make the about page a little bit cleaner as well. So that's page that we're looking to clean up. So, I mean, to start, it would be taking away these- 


- Also redesigning the events page, Olivia. That is one of our- 


- Yeah. So, I mean, there's not much to work with because we don't have any upcoming events at the moment, but basically Antara, I think, did you build this page, Antara? I mean, I got it built by the company we were working with. But yeah, I mean, basically it was not supposed to be like this, but it's sort of like all over the place right now. So this page would be one of the things we'd completely need a redesign for. Yeah, we've been thinking of doing it, but haven't really been able to do much. And right now it's hidden, but we have this sort of a carousel that shows the upcoming events. And yeah, this is a different page. The only reason why it's not showing up is because we don't have any upcoming events. Yeah, we don't have any. But normally above this upcoming events, yeah, there's a carousel that shows events. Basically everything that's listed here, but these events all just have completed. But here's the, yeah, as Antaro was saying, the past events. And we did work hard to like standardize all of the images so that, you know, it looks clean. And I think this looks good. This is fine. You know, it says the date when it happened, the book, who was speaking, and then you can click to, and this takes you to our YouTube channel where you can watch the recording of the event. Gotcha. Is this what the events look like when there are upcoming events too? It's the same layout? No, it's... I wish I had a screenshot of it. It's like a carousel. So it's more like what's here. You know, you can go like this to see each upcoming event. Are you looking to keep the carousel or do you want to move away from that? 


I think the carousel is fine. 


What do you think, Antara? 


I think it's, I think I actually like it, the carousel part, but yeah, we, like, I'd like to change the sidebar to make it so that, you know, the events, we can list them as text. Right now we're using this image and it's not, it's not responsive. So it goes all over the place when we see it on mobile. So maybe for the sidebar, if we could just have, you know, the image, the events listed in text format so that as they get over, Olivia can just remove them and, you know, it just gets, it keeps getting shorter and neater, something on those lines. And, um, yeah. And we also wanted to add photographs here, Olivia. Yeah. Of, of previous events, right? Yeah. Maybe like a section where we could have some photographs, but, um, Yeah, I mean, that's not like a essential thing, something we could add eventually. Yeah. Are you speaking about app where it says the events archive to have the events listed there? Are you talking about in the sidebar? 


Yeah, where would we want those photos? I guess I hadn't really thought about that if we were to add them. The photos would be on the main screen, where the past event archive thing is written somewhere. Like how I pictured it was, like you have these... Like a grid sort of a thing with lots of images. And you can just click and it expands a little bit. Basically, it would just be like just to look around and just get a vibe of how the events turn out to be sort of a thing. So we don't have to have the images get zoomed into fully and all that. Just like get highlighted when you hover over it sort of a thing. I can send you references. I have some sites where this happens. This also I realized this video page. Has not been updated, I mean it's actually quite old like these videos. Some of these are from 2011 and stuff and I think we probably just want to. Either get rid of them or standardize this a little bit more and that would that would be on us for us like to find the most recent videos that we would want to highlight here. I mean, I don't know what you think, Antara. I don't really love the way this looks. Like, I feel like we could get some nice screen grabs from these videos and those could be the icons. Yeah, in fact, I mean, we could actually like just use this page for the... The podcasting, that's what we had, I think, discussed once. Like, I cannot have this video thing at all. But anyway, that would probably be a discussion we need to do internally. We can figure that out and let Ras know if that is one of the things that we'd like to work with. 


Okay. So Russ, I mean, this obviously we have a lot of ideas, not all of which we've like thoroughly talked through, but, um, what, what is the way that you work? Like, do you have a retainer and how, if we were wanting to do, you know, a few changes to pages here and there, like, obviously it's not a whole website recall, it's like updates and cleaning things up. Um, How, how would that work with you? Like, a couple hours a week or all at once? I mean, all depends on how much, uh, you'd like to do at one time. Um, so my rate is 125 an hour and, um, I can devote as much time as. Probably you would need, I don't have any huge projects happening right now. So that's not really an issue. So if you have an idea of like maybe the top, you know, three things that you wanted to start with, that might be a good place to start. We get a feel for working with each other and see how it goes and see how much time it takes to implement the things that you're looking to do. Okay. And in terms of like us telling you what we want to do, is having some type of like written instruction, like what would be most helpful so that we can be most effective with like the time that we have with you? Is a conversation like this sufficient or... 


This is helpful. It's good to have screenshots or designs. That's always nice if you have an idea of what you would like it to look like. I'm not sure. So, Antara, are you going to be designing the new sections or do you need my help doing that? Or how's that going to work? Usually I have designed the sections so I can do that and I can give you the grid and basic look that we want. What we need help is with the coding, the backend execution of it. Great. Okay. So yeah, that what I find really helpful is like a Google spreadsheet. So just a list of all the tasks that need to be done. That way we can break them out into sub tasks. And if I have questions, we can leave notes for each other and things like that. And, you know, we can have as many video calls as we need to. I think I find usually email works just as well. I don't know. Yeah. But it's up to you guys. Yeah, we can do that. We can, I can, I can set up a, a, An Excel sheet, because that's how we worked with the previous team also. And also, because we're in different time zones, it's usually just more convenient to do it over email and we can get on a call if and when required. 


Okay. What time is it there? Just just curious. It's a quarter to eight right now. 


Okay. Okay. We got really lucky that. Well, I don't know. Whether it's learn to like, or whether you like actually working at night on but I've always been a night. I'm like, 5 PM and I'm like, I'm shut down. Yeah, me too. Oh, no. So, um, Colin, I see that you're back on. I don't know what you caught and what you missed, but. I don't know what I missed either, but I mean, I think, yeah, what you're suggesting was sounds fine to me if we come up with a number of, you know, quite defined specific things that we'd like you to do and then see how that works out. And then if that seems to be working, then we can maybe talk about more general things. You know, yeah, I think, as I was saying, I think if we could integrate short video more into the site, I think that would be the most effective way of drawing people in. So we should have a think about that, about how we're doing it. And then also, I think, just really tracking through the process through which people are actually, you know, whether looking at what's happening to them when they're going through the process of buying a book and whether we can stop them from dropping out of that process. And maybe get them to spend more. Those are things that I think it would be good to look at. 


- Now, do you already track the abandoned carts and all that? 


Yeah, we do that. Yeah. And also, yeah, we do also, I'd be interested to know if you have any experience with SEO and GEO and now AEO. So everyone's talking about it and we sort of, we did a little bit of SEO initially, but then we really have not worked with the generative search engine and all of that. So It would be something that we eventually would have to do. 


Okay. Do you use Google Analytics right now? Tag the tag manager and all that? 


Okay. We do use Google analytics, but no tag manager. I don't know how to use that. So if, I mean, that would also really be good if you can help us, you know, set up like optimize the Google analytics that that's actually really necessary for us, which we haven't to haven't been able to do that in a while. 


Yeah. Tag manager is, is great. Um, it's kind of the successor to analytics, so it does more than analytics and I think it's a little bit easier to work with myself, but, um, yeah. Yeah, that would be great actually. It would probably be a good idea for you, Ross, to just buy a book from us. We'll reimburse you. 


Okay. You know what I mean? I mean, if you buy something and just see what you feel the process is like. Okay. And then if you have recommendations for the way that we could improve it, that would be great. I think most of these big e-commerce platforms have a staging site capability. So I can basically make a copy of your live site. And does it do that? Big commerce? Yeah, we have a staging account as well. So we can work through all of the purchase flow and all that sort of without having to run actual transactions. I'll check it out in detail and see how it's working. I think I'll figure it out and I'll let you know. But I know what you mean. I can help with that too. So I just... I'm just wondering, I don't know what Antoine and Olivia would think, but maybe it would be a good idea for us just to pay you for a couple of hours to just look around and then come up with a list of proposals of things that you think that we should do. Because certainly from my point of view, I mean, I don't know anything about, you know, there are probably things that we should be doing that are even probably quite commonplace that we're not. So if you've worked on other sites like this and you know about those things, it would be a good idea for you to just come up with a series of recommendations of things that we do. Do you think that would be a good idea rather than just for us to send you a list of the things that we want you to do, for you to spend a couple of hours just looking through what our setup is in all of its respects and then Send us a list of things you think we should do. I'm very happy to do that. I think a combination of both would be nice. So while I'm doing that, if you guys could think of a few things that you'd like to tackle. One of the big things I noticed, I think that I would change first is getting the mobile site straightened out. Because when I just looked at it on mobile, some of the columns were very skinny. The layout was broken in several places. People are using their phones all the time. So it'd be good to get that straightened out. That's the thing I would probably tackle first. 


I agree. I mean, we know most people are buying from and looking at the site and buying from their phones. So that would be really helpful. But if you just looked at the whole thing and just came up with a list of things that you think we should do, that would be great. And we'll send you a list. Okay. That's great. Okay. Absolutely. So, so yeah, I guess we have the first steps, how to move forward. And I'll, I'll be in touch with you over email, Russ. I'll send you the credentials and the list. And Colin, Olivia, maybe we can stay back on the call and just discuss this regarding the list. 


Yeah. Tomorrow is a busy day for me, so I probably won't be able to get started on this until Monday, if that's all right. Totally. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. Yeah, yeah, it's fine. Great, great. Okay. Thanks, Russ. It was great to meet you. Great talking to you all. Yeah. Thank you. Take care. All right. Looking forward to talking to you soon. Bye. Bye. Bye.